Russia approved the method of determining
fire risks for residential and office
buildings and structures
calculations and measures to be taken
if the building does not satisfy
fire safety requirements
clarifies the order of the Ministry
emergency document
published in a Russian newspaper
according to the approved
a technique definitely
determination of payments to the police
percentage is in the calculation and
individual fire risk for
staff tenants as well as for all people
which are in the building so for what
it is necessary but in opera to
compiled and all possible instructions
evacuation plans
in the end, tel
do not take into account many factors
initially on each buildings and structures
exporting organization
fire declaration
which indicates which are not executed
fire safety standards and what
then fire protection
declaration is submitted to local authorities
state fire supervision
city ​​of districts heading
notice of order
Lenin spectrum of state supervision in
determines a lot just correctly
filled gasoline think this declaration
already
in determining activities for
oz control of course he looks
declaration and when checking because
he already has to take into account
parallel with the pressure irregularity on
completeness organized in
declaration calculation of fire risks when
making a declaration
produced by the method
approved by the ministry
emergency situations
it is necessary for buildings built before
entering into force
fire safety requirements as well
for buildings built by
projects that do not take into account these
tennis federation requirements
but also studied
the situation looks like there is a creation here
for example, here in this building it looks
what kind
in materials he is on Wednesday in is located
Galician village or not flammable easily perceived
ignited neither easily
flammable if estimated gasoline
kerosene and its other other substances
considering the experience all all all these factors
but the commission used to joke parishko
room conclusions she calculates about
according to published
methodology but also to assign creation
degrees
there is a problem of fire danger
especially in the old building
Well, nothing but smart wiring is
problems premier building built
think not everyone was celebrated there as years
building high-rise they have neither
foreseen by defense projects
engineering systems represented protection
that is, there is no fire
alarm component
rocket carrier he's there smoke exhaust so
further to assign buildings a new degree
fire hazard
for example, if the system was not installed
fire fighting and fire fighting
alarms
all fire risk calculations are also
need to produce again
all violations create a threat
we had no fire with him or
safety of people in buildings that are not
meet the requirements of fire
security
we are where the risk of fire
her people safety
we send materials to court on
suspension of activity
statistics about 15 percent
Russian buildings have no effect
fire protection systems
with seventy percent of the time
cause of
fires is careless
handling of fire another 20 percent
fires occur due to
wiring faults